---
layout: group
title: "The Mei* Contemporary Dance Group"
description: ""
category: 
tags: [group]
background: ""
---
{% include JB/setup %}
The Mei* Contemporary Dance Group was founded to have young people at the core of dance production and performance, bringing together the country's most prolific dance enthusiasts to provide them with a platform for artistic expression and communication. The cultural needs of viewers from all walks of society can be fulfilled via these young dancers' creations that reflect the trends and characteristics of the modern era. Contemporary dance can be said to be an abstract art form, in which its sense of aesthetic, artistic concepts, dance structure, lexicon etc. are all distinctively different from that of traditional dance. Even so, different forms of dance all share one commonality: life. Essentially, all art comes from our daily lives. Connecting the lexicon common to traditional and contemporary dance, then reforming and combining the concepts and structures make the key point of the group's future production.
<!--more-->
The localisation of dance culture lends itself to be a unique narrative of Australian and Chinese cultures. The vibrance and modernity of Adelaide expressed through the group's creations showcase how we have come from a place of cultural clashes and confusions towards a stable self positioning, our pursuit of an "Australian flavour" in traditional and contemporary dance, our encouragement for local choreographers, our unique combining of contemporary dance concepts with east-west fusion traditional dance, reflecting its multicultural structure, providing a case for exploration in Chinese contemporary dance. The group's practice of dance production uses a highly individualistic and modern form of expression to convey the culture of China. We focus on expressing the feelings of "us" and "them" through dance, utilising the relaxed work atmosphere of an overseas region, valuing the thoughts and feelings, pursuits and dreams harboured by the people of today, and seeking deeper meaning within local culture, basing our creations upon its many forms to fuse the east and the west, constructing "boundless" dance performance through an open state of cultural awareness, as the group becomes increasingly involved the building of local dance culture through artistic practice. The Mei* Contemporary Dance Group comprises of young artists in residence at its core working along with exceptional contemporary dance performers. All of our members are youth with a strong dedication to dance, and of course, against the backdrop of multicultural Australia, our dancers come from multicultural backgrounds, too. There are no borders, no nations in art, in dance, or between dancers. Our work is accomplished on the principles of originality and quality, with the characteristics of the modern era as the basis of our creativity, to produce performances which are close to life and reflective of the state of contemporary art, to establish a brand of international acclaim.
