---
layout: post
title: "Mei"
description: ""
category: 
tags: [group, meigroup]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

The Mei's Dance Group is South Australia's first dance group to combine eastern and western cultural elements, incorporating Chinese flavours upon the original framework of Mei's Dance Company, founded in February 2014 after a long effort owing to the enthusiasm of head of company Qingmei Zhou.

The establishment of the group gives the multicultural city of Adelaide a brand new taste of China, enriching the lives of members of the local Chinese community, as well as providing people of other nationalities and cultures in Australia with the opportunity to enjoy the art of the orient.
<!--more-->
Each group that branches from Mei's Dance Group aims to deliver the most unique representations of Chinese and Australian culture in folk and contemporary dance creations, determined to maintain high standards of professional quality at international levels. The group draws influences from a variety of artistic presentation forms, studies and explores the connections between traditional and modern Chinese culture while taking inspiration from modern western arts. Our working mission is to promote the dance culture of the two nations, service the multicultural arts community, and create art to face international acclaim. Our artistic mission is to spread the influence of oriental art, further cultural exchange, enrich culture and life, and improve health and fitness in communities. The group's unique training style involves basic dance skills training, group training, as well as choreographing of various dance styles inspired by both Chinese and Australian cultural and artistic elements. We support the promotion of the art of contemporary dance, encourage those with a passion for dance to undergo a well and truly cutting edge dance experience, with a working aim to discover and train the group's very own talents of world class potential, raise awareness and appreciation of the art of dance among the wider population, to our friends from all walks of life, uniting us in our contribution to cultural and artistic exchange between the two nations.

The Mei's Dance Group has bred the following creative and cultural industries brands: the Mei* Contemporary Dance Group, the Dynamism Youth Dance Group, and the Dynamism Contemporary Folk Orchestra.
